Try to unify how documentation is shown in all platforms (#122)
undefinedlabs/scope-docs: docs/javascript-configuration.md

sidebar_label: Configuration
---

> The behaviour of the Scope Agent can be modified by using  environment variables or by using a configuration file `Scope.yml`in the source root of the project.

Author: Changed

> > If these properties are manually configured, they will be `true` only on encountering the string `true` configured on the environment variable. Any other value will be considered as `false`.

Author: Changed

## Disabling Scope instrumentation

> You can disable Scope auto instrumentation. Scope auto instruments your code and tests by default, you can disable this behaviour.

Author: Changed

### Using Environment Variables

```sh
SCOPE_AUTO_INSTRUMENT=false
```

### Using YAML Configuration file

```yaml
scope:
  auto_instrument: false
  

> ```

Reviewer: I believe the key is different as I said above.

## Changing service name

> You can change the name of the service when sending data to Scope. Scope initially uses `default` for the service name.

Author: Changed

### Using Environment Variables

```sh

> SCOPE_SERVICE="service name"

Author: changed

```

### Using YAML Configuration file

```yaml
scope:

>   service: 'service name'

Author: changed

```

## Setting Scope as Global Tracer

You can set Scope as the Global Tracer of Open Tracing. Scope uses Open Tracing internally to handle Span and traces, using its own tracer, You can set it as the global tracer so it will capture all the spans generated by any Open Tracing library in relation to your tests. 

### Using Environment Variables

```sh
SCOPE_SET_GLOBAL_TRACER=true
```

### Using YAML Configuration file

```yaml
scope:
  set_global_tracer: true

>   

Reviewer: the global tracer is not yet supported in js

Author: deleted

```

## Change testing mode

These variable indicates to the agent if it is running tests (`true`) or it is being used for runtime instrumentation (`false`). By default it will run in testing mode

### Using Environment Variables

```sh
SCOPE_TESTING_MODE=false
```

### Using YAML Configuration file

```yaml
scope:
  testing_mode: false
  

> ```

Reviewer: testing mode is only supported in the env variable in js

 By default `SCOPE_TESTING_MODE` property depends on whether the build has been triggered by a CI server (`true`), or not (`false`).

> 

Author: removed

## Include HTTP payloads in HTTP span tags

You can include HTTP payloads in the related HTTP spans, truncated to the first 512 bytes.

> By default, Scope Javascript agent will not send HTTP payloads as they are considered sensitive information.

Reviewer: sometimes we capitalise and sometimes we don't

Author: changed

sidebar_label: Configuration
---

The behaviour of the Scope Agent can be modified using environment variables or a configuration file `scope.yml` in the source root of the project.

## Disabling Scope instrumentation

Scope auto instruments your code and tests by default. You can disable this behaviour.

### Using Environment Variables

```sh

> SCOPE_AUTO_INSTRUMENT=false

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SCOPE_INSTRUMENTATION_ENABLED=false
```
for consistency

```

### Using YAML Configuration file

```yaml
scope:

>   scope:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

  instrumentation:
    enabled: false
```

## Changing service name

You can specify the name of the service when sending data to Scope. Scope uses `default` as fallback.

### Using Environment Variables

```sh
SCOPE_SERVICE="service-name"
```

### Using YAML Configuration file

```yaml
scope:
  service: 'service-name'
```

## Change testing mode

This variable indicates whether the agent is running tests (`true`) or it is being used for runtime instrumentation (`false`).

> ### Using Environment Variables

Reviewer 2: No YAML version for this?

Author: @juan-fernandez

Reviewer: there wasn't when I commented. I just added it. 
https://github.com/undefinedlabs/scope-javascript-agent/compare/0.3.5...0.3.6#diff-217941a76651434529372f12f6de3cbeR96. You can put it back

Author: Added to latest version to the agent, and added yang to docs

sidebar_label: Configuration
---

The behaviour of the Scope Agent can be modified using environment variables or a configuration file `scope.yml` in the source root of the project.

## Disabling Scope instrumentation

Scope auto instruments your code and tests by default. You can disable this behaviour.

### Using Environment Variables

```sh
SCOPE_AUTO_INSTRUMENT=false
```

### Using YAML Configuration file

```yaml
scope:
  scope:
  instrumentation:
    enabled: false

```

## Changing service name

You can specify the name of the service when sending data to Scope. Scope uses `default` as fallback.

### Using Environment Variables

```sh
SCOPE_SERVICE="service-name"
```

### Using YAML Configuration file

```yaml
scope:
  service: 'service name'
```

## Change testing mode

This variable indicates whether the agent is running tests (`true`) or it is being used for runtime instrumentation (`false`).

### Using Environment Variables

```sh
SCOPE_TESTING_MODE=false
```

### Using YAML Configuration file

```yaml
scope:
  mode:
    testing: false
  

> ```

Reviewer: this is not yet implemented in javascript. Let's remove the section

Author: Deleted

> If `SCOPE_TESTING_MODE` is not specified, the agent sets to  `true` when running in CI and `false` otherwise.

Reviewer: This is how it works in javascript
```suggestion
If `SCOPE_TESTING_MODE` is not specified, the agent sets it to `true`.
```

Author: Changed for javascript
